[Music]
the body parts you wash first while
bathing reveals your personality
early morning routines often begin with
bathing for most people however the way
we bathe is never the same
subconsciously the decision is made by
our body and it tells a lot about our
personality before you reveal a little
more about yourself hit the subscribe
button and ring the notification belts
you join us on the bright side of life 1
if you wash your face first if you wash
your face first
you are basically tending to all the
five senses smell sight taste touch and
hearing it means that you are very
concerned about how you are perceived
and thus want to take the utmost care of
what is noticed first by others the face
you are always anxious about what others
think of you and at times get frustrated
or stressed and might feel embarrassed
too it is hard for these people to hear
bad things about themselves too if you
wash your arms or legs first if you are
among those who pay attention to their
feet first you can call yourself a
humble and down-to-earth person however
there is another side to this arms or
legs are also the symbols of strength
and willpower thus washing them first
indicates that you have no fear of
expressing your choices you either hate
something or you love it
if you tend to wash your armpits first
you are most likely popular in your
social circles as a reliable and
trustworthy person you are also the one
who isn't afraid of hard work 3 if you
wash your privates first if you wash
your private parts first you are
probably a very shy person you can call
yourself an introvert or the one with
low self-esteem you are not given much
attention in social groups however those
who know you closely will say you are
the most genuine person on earth
you struggle hard taking your stand and
might give up often but you can make
those close to you feel comfortable in
your company for if you wash your chest
first
if you have noticed yourself scrubbing
your chest first while bathing you are
an all probabilities confident and
comfortable in your own skin you are
practical and very straightforward you
are quite determined and confusion
hardly has an effect on you
you like being independent and people
admire you for this five if you wash
your hair first if your head or hair is
the part of your body you wash first in
the shower you are a person who likes
discipline and order the topmost part of
your body generally denotes strength and
washing it first indicates that you have
a firm opinion about everything and you
believe in being practical you also
manage time very well and are known for
your punctuality you often put brains
above wealth when choosing your friends
6 if you wash your shoulders and neck
first the most hard-working people often
wash their neck and shoulder area first
shoulders - no burden and you always
want to get rid of the burden of
achieving everything with perfection you
are a positive person and a go-getter
and also expect the same from others you
are very competitive and want to be a
step ahead of everyone else 7 if you
wash your back first your back reflects
your consciousness the back involves
your spine and your nervous system that
plays a big role in the functioning of
your brain washing your back first says
a lot about your reserved nature you are
always very cautious and don't trust
people easily you have a habit of
delving into things deeply and making
decisions carefully being alone is not a
turn-off for people like you but an
opportunity to enjoy that me time which
body part do you wash first share your
experience with us in the comments
section below
please note that this test is for fun
purposes on
and it can't be considered a
professional opinion